1.What is software?
Software is a set of instructions, data or programs used to operate computers and execute specific tasks.
It is the opposite of hardware, which describes the physical aspects of a computer. 
Software is a generic term used to refer to applications, scripts and programs that run on a device.

2.Types Of Software
1.Application Software:application software, also called application program, 
software designed to handle specific tasks for users. 
Such software directs the computer to execute commands given by the user and may be said to 
include any program that processes data for a user.

2.System software:System software is a type of computer program that
is designed to run a computer's hardware and application programs.
If we think of the computer system as a layered model, 
the system software is the interface between the hardware and user applications. 
The operating system is the best-known example of system software.

3.Driver software:A driver in software provides a programming interface to control 
and manage specific lower-level interfaces that are often linked to a specific type of hardware, 
or other low-level service. 

4.Middleware:Middleware is software that enables one or more kinds of communication or connectivity 
between applications or application components in a distributed network. 
By making it easier to connect applications that weren't designed to connect with one another, 
and providing functionality to connect them in intelligent ways, 
middleware streamlines application development and speeds time to market.

5.Programming software:Programming software is a tool for creating computer code that allows computer software to operate. 
The computer technology field frequently uses overlapping terminology, which can be perplexing.

3.What is Software Development Methodoogy?
A software development methodology is a process by which developers design, 
implement and test new computer programs. 
Following a methodology benefits developers because these processes lay out a structured sequence of steps that 
guide professionals through each stage of development. 
Additionally, development methodologies often follow a design philosophy, 
which can help developers align their process and the product's features with its functional goals. 

For example, the developer may define what the software product does and what problems it solves for users as part of 
their design philosophy.

4.What is design pattern?
A design pattern provides a general reusable solution for the common problems that occur in software design. 
The pattern typically shows relationships and interactions between classes or objects. 
The idea is to speed up the development process by providing well-tested, proven development/design paradigms.

INTERMEDIATE
1.What is the difference between application software and system software?




























